In this tutorial, we'll discover how to view your grades and track your progress and connect.
We'll also explain how to use feedback from a graded assignment as a study tool.
Begin by navigating to the upper left corner of your homepage and click on the menu icon.
Next, click on the results tab and select your course.
On your course results page, you'll see a list of your graded assignments, scores, and number
of attempts. Your score will be provided in either points, percentages, or both, depending on how your instructor set up the course.
For detail on your individual attempts, click the down arrow to the left of the assignment title.
You can see scores for each attempt, as well as the date and time of submission and time on task.
After an assignment has been submitted and graded, you will receive feedback for each individual question based on your instructor's specific settings.
Reviewing assignment feedback allows you to learn from increased
correct answers which is a highly effective study tool To view assignment feedback click View Attempt To see the correct answers click the blue show correct answers button To return to seeing your answers click show my answers You can easily
navigate through the questions by using the next button. To return to the
results page, click on the menu icon, then click on the results tab. Lastly, let's
explore insight. Navigate to the upper left corner of your home page and click on the
menu icon, then click on the Insight tab. Insight is a visual tool designed to chart your
course progress. It uses the data from your grades to provide helpful views of your
own course trends. For example, in the How Am I progressing view, each data point
represents a submitted assignment. Assignment details may be viewed by clicking on the
data points, which can provide helpful tips like letting you know if you have
additional attempts remaining. To exit Insight, navigate to the upper left corner,
corner of the Insight menu and click the Leave Insight button.